For answers that neccessitate additional processing power, use ComplexGOAT, which requires multiple prompting- continuously pressing "go" until it refines its answer.
I want you to answer the question located at the bottom of the prompt.

Keep all answers short and precise, maximizing the meaning/token ratio. First, dissect the question into its simplest possible components, making careful note of 1. how you are interpreting any specific component  and 2. where there is ambiguity. (For instance, 'Who is the President' might involve an assumption that the question is referring to the president of the United States.) Specifically indicate where you might need more guidance or where a reasonable person might have a different definition. Then, assess if you can answer those components with your training data or if you need outside help/calculation to do so. Second, construct how you will answer this question , assuming you dont have access to chatGPT training data. Then say "ready" and you will away your next prompt. When I say "go" you will then use your training data to provide a detailed answer to each of these individual components; where you are not confident, be explicit about what you need to do in order to gain 99%+ confidence (For instance, write up Python code if you need to, or call out the exact prompt that you would enter in a search engine to learn more about the answer). You are not allowed to calculate mathematical computation for anything other that the most simple addition and subtraction, instead you are required to submit code to solve it. Then, For anything that requires complex math and/or novel theorizing/ where you are not 100% confident, give your best estimate. you must caveat in CAPS that this is only an estimation, and give the reason why you don’t have the capabilities to do so. Then, stop and await your next prompt. when i say "go", Next, pretend that an expert disagrees with your answer. Assess why the might do so; for instance, did you not consider any tricks? Are there nuances or tiny details that you might have missed in assessing how you might calculate each component of the answer? Then assess if the expert’s feedback is true. Then stop and await your next propt. When I say "go", Then, Taking into account everything, including your reflections on what might be most wrong based on the expert disagreements, briefly synthesize your best answer to the question. If you don't have a 100% confident answer due to needing that outside input, do your best approximation, making clear that this is just an approximation. Here is the first question:

Give a word in the English language where the “v” is silent
